changelog for PR #9421 (#9425)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): fix support for `/api/v1/notifiers` endpoint at `vmselect`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): fix handling of `/api/v1/notifiers` and `/api/v1/metadata` endpoints; previously, requests to these endpoints returned 400 Bad Request. `vmsingle` was not affected..
```

> * BUGFIX: `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): fixed not properly ported changes to vmselect API from single-node branch that were introduced in [PR 9267](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9267).

Reviewer 2: It would be better to keep it more user oriented (e.g. what user will see fixed after the update):

```suggestion
* BUGFIX: `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): fix support for `/api/v1/notifiers` endpoint at `vmselect`.
```
